hi guys it's Lyon and welcome back to my
channel actually guys can probably tell
from the title today I'm going to be
talking about another bra a lot of you
guys actually like the fact that I
talked about bras in my last video or my
last haul video and you said that you
found it really helpful and also Tanner
put the new bra that I'm talking about
in one of her vlogs and a lot of you
guys said that you would like to see it
and like to know more about it and how
it works and that you would buy it so I
figured that in this video I would just
talk about that wrong so basically if
you guys didn't know cuz I think I'm
going to said in my last video but I'm
not sure I've always worn push-up bras
pretty much because I have smaller boobs
but so right now I'm just wearing like a
normal push-up bra that I would normally
wear so it's like you can't really see
like too much or anything like that cuz
so there's not too much to see this new
bra that I found is called V up bra and
this is what it looks like it's
different than most push-up bras it is
called the up bra it is in the white
color and it is in a 32b and what's
different about this from normal push-up
bras is normal push-up bras have like I
don't even know what you would call it
but there's like a little bubble in the
in bottom of the inside of the bra that
kind of pushes your boob up so this
instead has like a little flat platform
that is flat in the bra until you pull
these little straps down here so by
pulling these little straps it causes
the platform to raise and so it kind of
pushes your boob up if that makes sense
but anyway so the further you pull over
these straps and connect it into one of
these little compartments down here
think more the platform is going to
raise and push your boob up to show more
cleavage so as I said as you pull these
there's little like different
compartments to keep the platform in
position so that I'll stay all day and
basically it just looks like the normal
strap holder for like up here and what's
great about this is that as I said you
can choose different slots so you
couldn't determine what size or what
amount of cleavage you want showing so
if you wanted like a drastic about
showing for some reason you can
certainly pull it like all the way but
if you just wanted like a subtle kind of
like oh I have boobs like you may not
notice kind of thing you can just pull
it's like the second or third one which
is what I do also what's great about
this is that can be also born as a
strapless bra and it stays up so these
straps up here
ah and it stays up all day and it's
great it's like perfectly it fits
perfectly to stay cuz like I always
struggle with strapless bras because
they never want to stay up and also
what's great is that this part in the
back like the closure has four different
closures so you can get your perfect fit
and also make sure that the bra stays up
when you're wearing it strapless so now
I'm going to show you basically just
like what the difference is between like
the bra I'm wearing and this bra so
right now I'm wearing a bra that looks
somewhat similar to this bride so one
that I showed you in my last fall it
looks pretty much the same but that's
why I picked it because it was like the
same structure of this so I'm going to
show you the difference wearing the same
shirt doing the same exact things and
I'll come back once I do that alright so
this is what it looks like I tried to
keep my shirt in the same position and
everything so yeah it's a drastic change
if you can tell I mean I don't know how
you couldn't tell but this is where I
get just on the second or third like I
think it's a third actually slot so if I
pulled it in more my boobs would be even
more like up and this is the Burrow that
I was wearing before just to show you
really quickly so it looks pretty much
the same as the other bra that's all I
wanted to say and this one is pushup so
I thought I just want to wear similar
bras to show you the extreme difference
between them so I know not everyone
needs push-up bras or likes them but
personally I think this bra is awesome
and clearly it has such a drastic change
and there's just some shirts I don't
know there's some shirts that you just
feel like it would look better if you
had like not a small boobs I don't know
it just it maybe it's just me but I just
think that for certain outfits or shirts
or insurance to make them fit better
this bra works perfectly because it
makes this shirt like fit better that
makes sense at all but if you think this
bra is awesome too and then there will
be a code down below that you can use to
get your very own at a discounted rate
also I know some people don't like the
whole like girl stuff videos and don't
like when I talk about it so clearly
this video is not for you guys this is
for those of you who said that you did
like these kind of videos and that you
appreciated me being kind of different
in talking about this stuff because you
found it really helpful if you did enjoy
this video or you just happen
to like me be sure to give this video a
big thumbs up because I would appreciate
it also be sure to subscribe if you're
new to my channel and also be sure to
check out the links down below for up
bra so that you can maybe get by your
own or find out more about it if I
didn't describe it good enough for you
but that is about it for this video I
hope you all enjoyed and I will see you
on my next one bye guys